OpenTofu Installer (#1)
opentofu/get.opentofu.org: README.md

# OpenTofu distribution site

This repository contains the source code for the `get.opentofu.org` distribution site. It is deployed on Cloudflare
Pages. The installation scripts are located in [`src/install-opentofu.sh`](src/install-opentofu.sh) (POSIX) and [`src/install-opentofu.ps1`](src/install-opentofu.ps1) (Powershell). The Cloudflare function managing the MIME type assignment is located in
[`src/functions/index.ts`](src/functions/index.ts).

## Testing the script

### Linux

> You can test the installation scriptmanually, or you can use `docker compose` to run the automated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test the installation script manually, or you can use `docker compose` to run the automated

```
